oh cool you guys smell that that's the
smell of fresh my 25 content well if you
didn't smell it I didn't really smell it
either I've been sick all the way up in
sick like the past two weeks it's
amazing I was feeling so good this
commentary actually decided to show you
guys a little preview of my lineup
before the first super bowl today
there's going to be two you guys didn't
know two Super Bowls and one day I
thought it would make an awesome video
title and hopefully the video does
pretty well is I'm I'm pretty excited
for the superbowl both Super Bowls that
is as you guys see I play duplicates on
my offensive line I can't even like in
front I don't like when people play
duplicates so I guess it's a little
hypocritical but when they're on the
offensive line I don't really think it
matters but we all have our own opinions
and I was feeling really good this
commentary so I decided that I was going
to show you guys an all-pro pack opening
BAM there it is All Pro Pack let's see
what I get starting off with the trash
Lombardi up I hate that man I hate those
Lombardi ups that only give you like 5k
I can't do nothing with that and I get a
terrible gold card another terrible gold
card and now it's bronze nation and
another terrible gold card and we finish
off with the bronze contract so I've
been watching on toes videos a lot
lately and I kind of like what he does
when he incorporates real life into his
mutt videos so I'm going to try to bring
you guys more face cams maybe the season
after next because next season is
already all recorded so season after
next i do plan on being more interactive
you know having a little vlog maybe
before the game I don't know something
like that as we started off Chris
Johnson with the return we're dropping
back Steve Young scrambling outside of
the pocket we have to throw it away
early this guy he's doing a really good
job of applying pressure without
blitzing his defensive line is just
tearing apart my offensive line we had
the punt and so you guys saw he tried to
start off with a run its second and nine
he gets a completion right there
dropping back again
and a pic by Prince Amukamara can we cue
the music no we can't Prince Amukamara
can't bring it to the house play-action
he actually bought on that play action
fake which hurt as I kick the field goal
with sea bass and it bounces off of the
upright I had to get a hold of sea bass
at the end of the first quarter I told
him this isn't Detroit this is the Super
Bowl as we get the ball back another
chance to put up some points his pass
rush is just destroying me right now I'm
forced to punt the ball will blackmon
you guys already know we want our leg up
on man will blackmon there's a terrible
job of laying the boom right there
another completion to it looks like
Jordy Nelson and the comeback routes are
just killing me right now we need to get
a stop he throws it up for grabs and B
milliner does not drop anything he is
one of the best catching cornerbacks for
a budget on this game so if you don't
have one and you want some interceptions
you might want to go get him as he
brings me down with the set and we have
Julius Thomas yack yack yack yards after
catch getting it done completion across
the middle 38 seconds left in the second
quarter we're trying to get points
before the half screenplay Pierre Thomas
NP t cruising down the sideline so we're
in a really good position right here
Julius Thomas with the touchdown
two-step rule in effect he's going to
try to get points before the half and I
sniff out screams like it's nothing I
have that Scooby Doo nose for those
screens interception Louis Delmas can we
cute can we look cute cue the music guys
dicks
louis delmas next play is going to run a
handoff he's already flustered
interception Keenan Lewis mama there
goes that man he can't stay on his feet
but that's alright as my opponent takes
forever to choose his next place so you
guys know what's coming he had enough in
the Super Bowl we're going to come away
with the victory d coupe nation
representing you guys know thumbs up if
you enjoyed the commentary be sure to
subscribe if you're new to my channel i
upload much 25 daily and i'm kind of
disappointed this video wasn't longer i
really do look forward to I'm a big
childish gambino if I had to throw that
in there for those of you that are new
to my channel and like i said i'm really
sorry i couldn't make this video any
longer but my season after next will be
way more entertaining I think my mothers
are getting a lot better in general just
let me know guys anyways I'm d coop and
I'm out